DNH Quaterboy - Contract of Sale
This form acknowledges describes the horse, the terms under which it is sold and, once payment has cleared, transfers ownership to the buyer. 

The form will be filled in and signed electronically, by both the buyer and seller. A PDF copy will then be forwarded to both parties.

The seller: Danielle Radnidge and Daniel Crocker
Address: Canberra, ACT
Phone number: 0408 459 296

Seller's bank details:
Account name: Danielle Radnidge and Daniel Crocker
BSB: 082926
Account number: 841527739

The buyer: Anwen Keeling
Location: Jindabyne
Mobile phone number: 0416270788
company logo
* Indicates required question
Email
*

Name of person filling in this form:
*

Person filling in the from is the:
*

Buyer

Seller
SECTION 1a- SALES PRICE: $ 15,000

IN CONSIDERATION OF the following sum, once paid and 'cleared' into the seller's bank account, (the 'Seller'), hereby SELLS to  (the 'Purchaser'), the animal described in section 2:
*

I agree.
10% Holding deposit due today: $5000

This holding deposit is to 'hold' the pony for up to two weeks, until transported to potential buyers property. 

Once the pony arrives at the potential buyers property, the pony will then be subject to a 7 day trial period. 

The vet check is to take place within 7 days of the pony being delivered to the seller's property. 

The decision to keep the pony, based on suitability, must be made within 7 days of him arriving at the sellers property. Full payment must also be made within this time frame.

The deposit is refundable if  the potential buyer chooses not to proceed and:
- the pony must be transported back to the owner within 7 days, of the decision being made;
- at the potential buyers cost; and
- the pony is returned in the same condition as he was handed to the potential buyer.

Please note:
- until the deposit has been paid, other viewings will still take place and the horse will continue to be actively marketed;
- once the deposit has been paid, the horse will be 'held' for the 'buyer'; and
- once fully paid for, the horse will be marked as sold
*

I agree.
SECTION 2 - HORSE DESCRIPTION as per portfolio/ ad:
Horses name: DNH Quaterboy
Horse's ad/ description: 
Height: 13.2hh
Age: 10
Breed: German Riding Pony
ACE Registered
Sire: Quaterback's Junior (GRP by Quarterback)  
Dam: Nottingham Royal Romance (Aust RP -  Willowcroft bloodlines). 
Discipline: Eventing, showjumping, pony club/ adult rider club, pleasure/ trail riding
Rider suitability: Confident novice rider
Location: Canberra, ACT
Please see the Owner’s Response Certificate, in the horses portfolio, for more information.
Highlights
Super successful pony in dressage, showing, eventing, showjumping and sporting
Ridden by his current rider, since he was green broken and rider was 8yo
Safe, sound and competitive
Recent Results
Champion - E Grade  -  Murrumbateman SJ Festival 2025
1st place - E Grade CLPC ODE 2025 - Dressage Test Results (72%) 
Champion - 11-12 Year Old Hall PC Gymkhana 2025
11th place EVA65 - first ever EA Horse Trials - Harden Horse Trials 2025

Introduction: Flash is a beautiful large German Riding Pony gelding. He is a super competitive and fun pony for a keen intermediate rider. Flash has won and placed in dressage, showjumping and eventing and is ready to teach his next young rider!
Bloodlines: Flash is by Quarterback’s Junior, who is by the Grand Prix stallion Quarterback. Quarterback’s Junior is a versatile young stallion who was Champion at his 30 day test and victorious at the National IG Welsh championships, earning the title, “National Champion Stallion." Quarterback’s Junior is proving himself to being a versatile young stallion and has won in the riding pony classes and jumper pony classes. He has qualified many foals for the German National Foal Championships in Lienen. 
Education, skills and experience: Flash was broken in at age 5 and has been ridden by his current owner since he was a ‘green broken’ 6 year old and his rider was only 8 - bearing in mind that she was a capable 8 year old in a knowledgeable horsey home!
Flash is training 80cm showjumping and he is very competitive at 60-70. Flash lives for the jump-off – agile, clever, and quick on his feet. Flash has competed EVA65 and loves cross country! 
While jumping is his clear passion, Flash can produce a lovely dressage test scoring up to 73%! He has proven himself at preliminary level dressage and is training novice.
Flash really is the ultimate allrounder! He will win or place in every event from hacking and dressage to showjumping and sporting. Flash has even done some cattle work at pony club camps and enjoyed the experience!
General demeanor under saddle: Flash is a willing and responsive pony. This is what makes him a competitive performance pony. Flash loves his job!
Flash collects easily for a rider with an independent seat and understanding of contact. He is light and happy in a snaffle at all times, in all disciplines.
Flash is not spooky - unless the rider is tense and nervous - and has no vices. He is great on trails and roads. He attends pony club. Flash is familiar with dogs and kids. He is tolerant and safe in all situations. 
Current workload/ fitness: Flash is ridden 3-4 plus days a week. He is perfectly safe to hop straight on, after a spell, but he can do a harmless cheeky pigroot if he isn’t lunged for 5 minutes is he has had a few weeks off.
Handling and behaviour: Flash is easy to catch, handle, saddle, wash and float. He is patient, kind and reliable in all ways.
Feeding and management: Flash is hard fed when in work. He is not an ‘overweight’ type but maintains condition and fitness easily.  Flash can be stabled or paddocked. Flash is a pleasure to take to shows, travels well, eats and drinks happily. 
Medical history: Flash doesn’t have any medical concerns or issues.
Rider Suitability: Flash is a super fun, competitive pony with loads of personality and ability. Not for a beginner due to his level of education, willingness and talent. He would be a very reliable mount for a confident novice rider - child, teen or small adult - looking for a second or third competitive pony. He is smart so does need a knowledgeable home.
Reason for sale: Flash is very sadly for sale due to being outgrown.
*

I declare that this description accurately represents the horse that is being sold/ purchased.
SECTION 3: 
The Seller warrants that (1) the Seller is the legal owner of the Animal; (2) the Animal is free from all liens and encumbrances; (3) the Seller has full right and authority to sell and transfer the Animal; and (4) the Seller will warrant and defend the title of the Animal against any and all claims and demands of all persons.

The Animal is being sold in an 'as is' condition and the Seller expressly disclaims all warranties, whether expressed or implied. Further, the Seller disclaims any warranty as to the condition of the Animal. The Seller does not assume, or authorise any other person to assume on the behalf of the Seller, any liability in connection with the sale of the Animal.

The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to have a pre-purchase examination performed by a veterinarian of the Purchaser's choice at the Purchaser's expense prior to the execution of this Bill of Sale. 

In the event that the Purchaser elects not to have a veterinarian perform a pre-purchase examination of the Animal, the Purchaser waives any and all rights, claims or causes of action against the Seller for any patent or latent defects pertaining to the Animal.

The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to inspect the Animal or to have it inspected and the Purchaser has accepted the Animal in its existing condition. This Bill of Sale will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia. 
*

I agree.
SECTION 4 - ADDITIONAL CLAUSES:
CLAUSE 1:
The horse is presented and described by the seller; purchased directly from the seller; and payment is made directly to the seller.

CLAUSE 2: 
Once paid for, the horse becomes the responsibility of the buyer. This includes but is not limited to financial responsibility, third party liability, vet and feed bills.

PHS highly recommends that the buyer insure asap with International Racehorse Transport Insurance, which can be done and paid for online.

CLAUSE 3: 
The horse will stay at the sellers property under an 'agistment' arrangement until the buyer can organise transport to their home.

Depending on the length of time and individual situation, this arrangement MAY attract fees at market rates.

CLAUSE 4: 
The seller reserves the right of  'first refusal' if the buyer elects to sell the horse in the future.

CLAUSE 5:
The seller reserves the right of 'first refusal' if the horse is retired at any stage and the sellers decide they want to rehome him. 
*

I agree.
Sellers declaration:
I declare that I am over the age of 18; I am legally responsible for the sale of this horse and am legally entitled to receive the funds for this sale. I declare that I transfer the ownership of this horse to the seller listed, once funds have cleared.

Buyer's declaration:
I declare that I am over the age of 18 and I am legally responsible for the decisions regarding the assessment and purchase of this horse. I declare that I am able to complete this sale financially and have the ability and funds to look after this horse whilst under my ownership.
*

I agree.
Your Signature
*
Add your signature here
Signature


