Holding deposit due today: $xxxx
As per our terms -10% or minimum $1000 whichever is higher.
Holding deposits are refundable if:
- the horse is found to be 'not fit for the purpose intended'; lame; and/ or
'moderate to high risk for the intended purpose' by a vet and this is recorded in
writing on a formal vet check and the vet check and xrays are forwarded to the
seller for confirmation of this and/ or
- if the horse is not 'as described' in this contract, at the second viewing.
Remaining payment of $XXXX due within 24 hours of receiving vet check report,
if potential buyer chooses to proceed with the sale or, if vetting is not taking
place, within 24 hours of deposit being paid.
Please note:
- until the deposit has been paid, viewings will still take place and the horse will
continue to be actively marketed
- once the deposit has been paid, the horse will be 'held' for the 'buyer' as per our
terms re vetting etc
- once fully paid for, the horse will be marked as sold

*

6.

Check all that apply.
I declare that this description accurately represents the horse that is being sold/
purchased.

7.

Check all that apply.
I agree.
SECTION 2 - HORSE DESCRIPTION as per portfolio/ ad:
Horses name will be entered here:
Horse's ad/ description will be inserted here:

*

SECTION 3:
The Seller warrants that (1) the Seller is the legal owner of the Animal; (2) the
Animal is free from all liens and encumbrances; (3) the Seller has full right and
authority to sell and transfer the Animal; and (4) the Seller will warrant and
defend the title of the Animal against any and all claims and demands of all
persons.
The Animal is being sold in an 'as is' condition and the Seller expressly disclaims
all warranties, whether expressed or implied. Further, the Seller disclaims any
warranty as to the condition of the Animal. The Seller does not assume, or
authorise any other person to assume on the behalf of the Seller, any liability in
connection with the sale of the Animal.
The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to have a pre-purchase
examination performed by a veterinarian of the Purchaser's choice at the
Purchaser's expense prior to the execution of this Bill of Sale.

In the event that the Purchaser elects not to have a veterinarian perform a pre-
purchase examination of the Animal, the Purchaser waives any and all rights,

claims or causes of action against the Seller for any patent or latent defects
pertaining to the Animal.
The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to inspect the Animal or to have it
inspected and the Purchaser has accepted the Animal in its existing condition.
This Bill of Sale will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the Commonwealth of Australia.

*

8.

Check all that apply.
I agree.

9.

Mark only one oval.
I agree.

This content is neither created nor endorsed by Google.

SECTION 4 - ADDITIONAL CLAUSES:
CLAUSE 1:
The horse is presented and described by the seller; purchased directly from the
seller; and payment is made directly to the seller.
CLAUSE 2:
Once paid for, the horse becomes the responsibility of the buyer. This includes
but is not limited to financial responsibility, third party liability, vet and feed bills.
PHS highly recommends that the buyer insure asap with International Racehorse
Transport Insurance, which can be done and paid for online.
CLAUSE 3:
The horse will stay at the sellers property under an 'agistment' arrangement until
the buyer can organise transport to their home.
Depending on the length of time and individual situation, this arrangement MAY
attract fees at market rates.

*

Sellers declaration:
I declare that I am over the age of 18; I am legally responsible for the sale of this
horse and am legally entitled to receive the funds for this sale. I declare that I
transfer the ownership of this horse to the seller listed, once funds have cleared.
Buyer's declaration:
I declare that I am over the age of 18 and I am legally responsible for the
decisions regarding the assessment and purchase of this horse. I declare that I
am able to complete this sale financially and have the ability and funds to look
after this horse whilst under my ownership.