Performance Horse Sales: EOI Form
Please note, this form, is NOT BINDING until Waiver and Viewing Agreement is signed and viewing booked.

Please contact us on 0428239317 if you do not receive a response within 12 hours.

Our aim is that the buying process:
- is stress free
- facilitates full disclosure on the part of buyers and sellers (hence the form)
- saves time and money by avoiding multiple viewings and vettings
- helps you find the right horse, the first time

What happens next:
1. PHS shares your EOI form with the seller.
2. The seller assesses whether the horse might be an appropriate match for you - your experience, confidence, ability and situation. We may ask for rider video. This is to keep you safe and make sure you are buying the right horse.
3. PHS contacts you and lets you know whether we proceed with the next step - a phone call or signing a Viewing Agreement and booking a viewing or proceeding with purchase.
4. If this horse doesn't suit, we may be able to find you another one to view!

This information will not be shared with any other parties, without your consent, and will be stored securely.

Please thoroughly read this form and, more importantly, the following the Terms and Conditions available on our website -   Performance Horse Sales - AU/ NZ - Forms + Terms & Conditions   - to assess whether this is the right service for you, prior to signing.

Please DO NOT fill in this form if you are under 18 or are not the person making the final decision/ funding about the horse purchase - this includes coaches.
company logo
* Indicates required question
Email
*

First name:
*

Surname:
*

Location:
*

Mobile phone number:
*

I am over the age of 18,  I am funding this horse purchase and I am responsible for the final decision relating to this potential horse purchase:
*

yes and I am also the rider

yes, but I am purchasing a horse for a junior rider

no - if you answered 'no' (even if you are working on behalf of client) please do not fill in this form
OPTIONAL QUESTION:
This form covers the viewing of:
*

a specific horse

any horse listed with PHS - please tick this to save filling out forms for other horses listed with us.
Name of the horse/s that I am interested in:
*

I have:
- accessed the PHS website;
- read the horse's full ad;
- accessed the horse's portfolio;
- read the 'owner response form' which provides full disclosure about rider suitability, vices, quirks and medical history; and
- watched the horse's videos.

https://www.performancehorsesales.com.au/currently-available
*

I have and think that the horse looks suitable.

I haven't. Please DO NOT tick this box, please do this BEFORE submitting this form.
Are you ready to purchase?:
*

Yes, my budget is sufficient to cover the horse's asking price

Yes, but my budget less than the horses asking price

I am waiting on finance

Looking to buy in the future when finances allow
If your budget is below asking price, that is totally fine but please indicate price point here. 

We will need to know if the figure is potentially acceptable to the seller, before booking a viewing.
*

I am requesting
*

More information or video

Phone call with seller

Viewing - I will attend this

Viewing - but I will send someone on my behalf

Remote/ video viewing

Phone call to discuss a potential sight unseen purchase
Optional: If you have requested more information or video, please indicate what you would like to find out or to see?

Optional: If you have requested a viewing, what date would suit you best?

My coaches name is:
If you don't have a coach please write N/A
*

Factors to consider regarding the viewing:
*

My coach will attend the viewing with me.

A friend or family member will attend the viewing with me.

I may request an off property viewing.

I would like to jump the horse at the viewing.

I would probably like to book a second viewing, if the first is successful.

None of the above.
Optional: If additional information or videos are being requested - please explain, below, what you require:

Potential horse must be suitable for:
*

Dressage

Eventing

Showjumping

Working Equitation

Pony Club

Adult Rider Club

Showing

Campdrafting

Reining

Western Pleasure

Team Penning

Mustering/ Feed Lot work

Trail riding/ pleasure

Companion/ Therapy

Breeding

Other (describe)

I like to:
(Please tick all that apply)
*

do a variety of activities with my horse

stick to arena work

compete

work my horse regularly - 4 plus times a week

work my horse 2-3 times a week

work my horse once a week or lss

enjoy my horse but do not ride

ride but do not wish to compete
Which statement best describes the horse you are looking for:
*

Experienced, mature schoolmaster with significant results

Experienced, mature schoolmaster - may be stepping down a level

Confident/seasoned competitor with significant wins/ placings

Confident/ seasoned competitor for pony club/ adult rider club

Educated all rounder for pleasure riding, low level competitions, not expecting to win.

True beginners horse

Second or third pony for confident/ capable child

Genuine 'first off the lead 'child's pony

Lead pony for young child

Happy hacker for a pleasure rider

Young horse, under saddle and has been 'out' a few times

Green Broken/ just started under saddle youngster

Unbroken youngster ready to break in

Foal

Other
Please select the statements that best explains what 'type' of horse I am looking for:
*

hot and energetic

forward and responsive

willing but not forward

plodder, who is more whoa than go

generally unflappable

completely unflappable at all times

can be quirky

can have vices

green

basic level of education

well educated
Please tick any 'non-negotiables' related to this purchase.
*

horse must be ridden and work softly in a snaffle bit

horse must be fit and currently in full work/ competing

horse must have a completely clean medical history

horse must be completely vice free

horse can't require any special management - feeding, handling, paddocking

horse must be completely unflappable in all situations - fireworks, sideshows etc

horse must be completely unflappable on trails, being ridden down busy roads

horse must be familiar with farm life

horse must be familiar and safe with children

horse must be completely beginner safe

there aren't any 'not negotiables' as no horse is perfect and I don't want to miss one by imposing too many restrictions

other
Riders goals for this horse, performance wise:
*

Competing at National Level

Competing at State Level

Competing at Regional/ Lower Level

Not competing
Please include any other information that might help us to assess whether the match might be suitable.

For instance, 'rider would like the horse to take them from EVA80 level to 1*'
*

Rider Competence Level:
*

Experienced Professional defined as someone who has a lifetime of experience producing and competing both young and educated horses. Unfazed by any nonsense and has the ability and experience to ride green horses.

Very experienced Junior Rider defined as someone who has a lifetime of experience producing and competing both young and educated horses. Unfazed by any nonsense and has the ability and experience to ride green horses.

Experienced Amateur Rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least five years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on multiple horses both young and educated. Is confident in all situations. Can handle some quirks in horses.

Experienced Junior Rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least five years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on multiple horses both young and educated. Is confident in all situations. Can handle some quirks in horses.

Capable Amateur Rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least three years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat at all times; can walk, trot and canter on a familiar horse. Rider is confident if the horse is reasonably well behaved. Prefers a schoolmaster type without any major quirks.

Novice rider defined as someone who has independent hands and established position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter independently and I am balanced in the saddle at all times. Needs an impeccably well behaved, established schoolmaster type without quirks to be confident.

Beginner defined as someone who is sometimes unbalanced and unsure/ nervous. Needs a very forgiving, experienced schoolmaster who is completely non reactive to rider mistakes or nerves.
Rider/ handler confidence level/ circumstances:
*

I am confident regardless of the horse.

I am confident depending on which horse - a green, hot or quirky horse would worry me.

I am confident depending on which horse - a big, forward or a competitive performance type, would worry me.

I am confident on a very placid, well educated and 'more whoa than go' type.

I am somewhat nervous, some of the time.

I am very nervous, most of the time.

I am terrified (don't worry, we can find you a horse that won't care!)
Rider circumstances:
*

I have had a significant break from riding and am just getting back in the saddle.

I ride every now and then.

I ride regularly and feel that I am 'riding fit'.
Rider age:
*

under 12

12 and under 16

16 and under 19

Over 19
OPTIONAL
Rider -  provide any information, that may help us to assess whether you and the horse are a suitable match:

Please include information relating to age, goals, confidence, skills, history, experience and professional support.

Factors relating to the purchase - please provide any information, that may help us to assess whether you and the horse are a suitable match:
*

I have just started searching for a horse.

I have been looking for a horse for a long time.

I have a very fixed criteria for my horse purchase.

I am flexible about which horse I choose.

I am confident making a decision about the purchase.

I will need time and advise, from my coach or others, to help me make a decision.

I have had issues purchasing horses in the past - failed vet checks, breakdowns in negotiations with sellers, etc.

I have had issues with newly purchased horses - horses misbehaving or not suiting me etc.
OPTIONAL QUESTION:
If there are other 'non-negotiables' please list them here:

Please indicate the level of vetting required:

This is simply so that the owner can indicate whether this can be done in their area (in many country areas, there aren't any vets with xray equipment etc).
*

simple health check

full pre purchase exam

full pre purchase plus standard leg xrays

Full pre purchase plus full range of xrays, back and/ or neck

full pre purchase plus full range of xrays (legs, back and neck) and other diagnostic exams
Please indicate your expectations regarding the vet check findings:
*

I will not purchase a horse if there are any adverse 'findings' on the report or xrays.

I will not purchase a horse if there are any adverse 'findings' on the report or xrays unless these have already disclosed in writing.

I understand that most horses do not have completely 'finding free' xrays or vet checks.

I would consider purchasing a horse with manageable/ low risk findings.

I would consider purchasing a horse with manageable/ moderate risk findings.
Horse management - please list the conditions under which the horse will be kept and managed.
*

horse will be paddock in a herd situation

horse will be kept in an individual paddock with other horses in sight

the horse will be kept completely along without other horses on the property

horse will be stabled with paddock access

horse will be stabled 24 hours a day

this is a 'first horse' purchase for the buyer/ family

horse kept at home with owner/ rider

horse will be kept at an agistment facility

the horse will be solely hand fed/ no access to grazing

new home is an 'itch' area

we have a small straight load float

we do not have access to a local vet

other
Location and name of agistment, if not at home with the potential buyer:

If not agisted, please write N/A.
*

Experience and support:
*

I am a very experienced horse owner.

I haven't got a lot of experience but I have experienced horse people around me and lots of support.

I haven't got a lot of experience or support.

This is a 'first horse' purchase.
My expectations regarding buying a horse and settling it into it's new home:
*

I understand that horses take time to settle into their new home and that trying to replicate the management of their old home will assist this process. I will take my time to build a relationship with the horse.

I expect the new horse to 'hit the ground running' and not take any time to settle into it's new home. I intend to manage it my own way, regardless of previous management. I do not believe that a horse's behaviour is affected by feed, management or a change of home.
OPTIONAL QUESTION:
If you ticked, other, please list any other 'horse management factors below:

Waiver:
In signing this Agreement, the potential buyer agrees to and accepts the following Waiver conditions:
I, the undersigned, in consideration for being permitted to participate in any way in horse sport activities including entering the property, viewing, handling, riding, understand, acknowledge and accept that:
- Horse sports are a dangerous recreational activity and horses can act in a sudden and unpredictable way
- There is a significant risk that serious injury or death may result from horse riding and associated activities and freely assume all such risks, even if arising from the negligence of Performance Horse Sales (PHS) and/or the horse's connections;
- I voluntarily participate at my own risk, and assume sole responsibility for any injury, death or property damage I may suffer;
- I understand and acknowledge the dangers associated with and agree to not consume alcohol or any mind altering drugs before and during the activity and I take full responsibility for any injury, loss or damage associated with their consumption;
- I will follow the directions of the horses connections and understand that any misconduct or refusal by me to follow these directions can result in the cancellation of my participation and my immediate removal from the horses and or property no matter where that may occur;
- I understand that any such non-compliance may result in injury, death and or permanent disability and I agree to indemnify PHS and the horses connections against all claims made by any person as a result of my failure to comply;
- I agree to wear a helmet at all times whilst participating and agree that I am solely responsible for my actions;
- I, for myself and on behalf of my heirs, assigns, personal representatives and next of kin, hereby release and hold harmless and agree not to sue PHS and the horses connection, and if applicable, owners and lessors of premises used to conduct the activities with any respect to and all injury, disability, death, or loss or damage to person or property, whether caused by the negligence of these parties or otherwise.
*

I agree
Declaration by potential buyer:
- I declare that I am 18 years of age, or older;
- I am the person responsible for making the final decision regarding this purchase;
- I am funding this purchase;
- my circumstances are exactly as described in this form; and 
- once a viewing is booked, I am bound by the Terms and Conditions available via https://www.performancehorsesales.com.au/phs-services/forms-terms-conditions 

Please thoroughly read this form to assess whether this is the right service for you, prior to signing.
*

Agree and digitally signed.
Your Signature
*
Add your signature here
Signature


Clear
Submit
This content is neither created nor endorsed by Boloforms
Security
•
Terms of Service
•
Privacy Policy
Report as Spam
