PHS: Standard Bill of Sale
This form acknowledges describes the horse, the terms under which it is sold and, once
payment has cleared, transfers ownership to the buyer.
The form will be filled in and signed electronically, by both the buyer and seller. A PDF
copy will then be forwarded to both parties.
The seller:
Address:
Phone number:
Seller's bank details:
Account name:
BSB:
Acc:
The buyer:
Address:
Phone number:

* Indicates required question

Name of person filling in this form: *

3.
Mark only one oval.
Buyer
Seller

4.

Check all that apply.
I agree.

5.

Check all that apply.
I agree.
Person filling in the from is the: *

SECTION 1a- SALES PRICE: $ xxxxx
IN CONSIDERATION OF the following sum, once paid and 'cleared' into the
seller's bank account, (the 'Seller'), hereby SELLS to (the 'Purchaser'), the animal
described in section 2:

*

Holding deposit due today: $xxxx
As per our terms -10% or minimum $1000 whichever is higher.
Holding deposits are refundable if:
- the horse is found to be 'not fit for the purpose intended'; lame; and/ or
'moderate to high risk for the intended purpose' by a vet and this is recorded in
writing on a formal vet check and the vet check and xrays are forwarded to the
seller for confirmation of this and/ or
- if the horse is not 'as described' in this contract, at the second viewing.
Remaining payment of $XXXX due within 24 hours of receiving vet check report,
if potential buyer chooses to proceed with the sale or, if vetting is not taking
place, within 24 hours of deposit being paid.
Please note:
- until the deposit has been paid, viewings will still take place and the horse will
continue to be actively marketed
- once the deposit has been paid, the horse will be 'held' for the 'buyer' as per our
terms re vetting etc
- once fully paid for, the horse will be marked as sold

*

6.

Check all that apply.
I declare that this description accurately represents the horse that is being sold/
purchased.

7.

Check all that apply.
I agree.
SECTION 2 - HORSE DESCRIPTION as per portfolio/ ad:
Horses name will be entered here:
Horse's ad/ description will be inserted here:

*

SECTION 3:
The Seller warrants that (1) the Seller is the legal owner of the Animal; (2) the
Animal is free from all liens and encumbrances; (3) the Seller has full right and
authority to sell and transfer the Animal; and (4) the Seller will warrant and
defend the title of the Animal against any and all claims and demands of all
persons.
The Animal is being sold in an 'as is' condition and the Seller expressly disclaims
all warranties, whether expressed or implied. Further, the Seller disclaims any
warranty as to the condition of the Animal. The Seller does not assume, or
authorise any other person to assume on the behalf of the Seller, any liability in
connection with the sale of the Animal.
The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to have a pre-purchase
examination performed by a veterinarian of the Purchaser's choice at the
Purchaser's expense prior to the execution of this Bill of Sale.

In the event that the Purchaser elects not to have a veterinarian perform a pre-
purchase examination of the Animal, the Purchaser waives any and all rights,

claims or causes of action against the Seller for any patent or latent defects
pertaining to the Animal.
The Purchaser has been given the opportunity to inspect the Animal or to have it
inspected and the Purchaser has accepted the Animal in its existing condition.
This Bill of Sale will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the Commonwealth of Australia.

*

8.

Check all that apply.
I agree.

9.

Mark only one oval.
I agree.