Performance Horse Sales: Marketing Form
We know that we can find your horse the perfect new home and we thank you for your trust in the process. 

Please contact us on 0428239317 if you do not receive a response within 12 hours.

Our aim is that the listing process:
- is stress free
- prevents your time being wasted
- facilitates full disclosure on the part of buyers and sellers which means everyone is legally protected
-  and everyone is happy with the outcome...
- you secure a timely sale at a price that you are happy with
- the buyer, buys the right horse
- your horse is in the right, long term home

What happens next:
1. PHS will contact the seller to answer any questions and confirm the listing. 
2. PHS drafts the horses ad and portfolio.

Please note - from time of form filled in, to ads going live, is usually under 12 hours, depending on how fast the seller signs forms, sends photos and videos and approves text.

2. PHS markets the horse privately, directly as well as via social media and website ads/ posts.
3. PHS sends all viewing application forms to the seller and/ or provides feedback re the sale.
4. If seller wishes to proceed with a potential viewer/ buyer,  PHS facilitates contact regarding phone call, viewing or purchase.
5. PHS provides advice, if required, and manages the marketing, administration, and supports the seller and buyer through the sale process.

Please note that the seller is the one who makes all decisions relating to the sale and all payments are made directly to them.

The information on this form will not be shared with any other parties, without your consent, and will be stored securely.

Please thoroughly read this form and, more importantly, the following Terms and Conditions of Listing Process, Commission etc - available via this link https://www.performancehorsesales.com.au/phs-services/forms-terms-conditions and publicly on our website - to assess whether this is the right service for you, prior to signing.
company logo
* Indicates required question
Email
*

I declare that I am over 18,  have the legal right to list and sell this horse and will be financially and legally responsible for the payment of fees.
*

I agree

I disagree - please do not fill in this form
First name:
*

Second name:
*

Street number and road:
*

Suburb/ town, state and post code:
*

Phone number:
*

Name of current rider, if not with owner:

Our Listing Service includes all administration including contract of sale, marketing, communication including negotiation and advice/ support for both parties.
Listing Service 
Cost: $0 upfront 
Then 5% commission/ completion fee - minimum $500/ capped at $2000. 
We offer a 10% discount off commission, when paid upfront.
Please note prices are PLUS GST
*

1. Listing Service - commission/ completion fee due later (see terms)

2. Listing Service - commission paid upfront for 10% off completion fee
Optional - additional information:

Additional marketing (optional)

Featured Horsezone ad $75

Horsedeals ad package from $59

No additional marketing
Photos and video, please send EVERYTHING you have:
*

I will send this today

I will send asap
Preferred sales price plus any additional information around pricing:
*

Sales Advertisement/ Description: 
Please include this if advertising your horse if you have an ad already written.

Please note that PHS will re-write this or write an ad, using our proforma, for advertising. This text will then be sent to the seller for editing and approval before the ads go 'live'

Horses registered name/ stable name
*

Location of horse; if different from owner's address:

Age
*

Height
*

Colour:
*

Horse's gender
*

Optional question: 
Breed (plus Sire and Dam if known):

Optional question:
Registrations if known:

Horses general education, please tick all that apply:
*

Schoolmaster

Superior level of education

Well educated

Established level of education

Basic education

Started under saddle

Handled only

Unhandled
Optional question:
Additional information re education -

Horses current or future disciplines/ use:
*

dressage/ showing

eventing

showjumping

working equitation

pony club/ adult rider club

campdrafting, team penning, reining, roping etc

mustering/ feed lot work

pleasure/ trail riding

companion/ therapy

breeding
Horses 'skills' or experience - in addition to it's preferred disciplines:

trail riding

mustered or done cattle work

hasn't mustered but is safe and quiet to ride near cattle/ sheep

low level jump schooling - cavalettis/ x rails

low level cross country schooling

working equitation obstacles or similar

bareback

lunging

leading other horses

safe for beginners on the lead

safe for novices under instruction

safe for child riders

not concerned by the nonsense of children, within it's vicinity (this doesn't include child riders)

tricks

has visited and swum at the beach

swimming in dams or rivers

happily stabled 24 hours a day in a busy city stable

not worried by fireworks

not worried by busy roads

not concerned by farm life - tractors, trucks, motorbikes, livestock

not concerned by dogs or other pets
The horse needs work to improve...

Please provide information if applicable.

Rider/ Handler Suitability. The minimum 'competence level' of rider, who potentially suits this horse is:
*

Experienced Rider defined as someone who has a lifetime of experience producing and competing both young and educated horses. Unfazed by any nonsense and has the ability and experience to ride green horses.

Capable Rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least five years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on multiple horses both young and educated. Is confident in all situations. Can handle some quirks in horses.

Intermediate Rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least three years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on their own horse. Rider is confident if the horse is reasonably well behaved. Prefers a schoolmaster type without any major quirks.

Novice rider defined as someone who has been riding regularly (multiple times a week) for at least a year, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter. Needs an impeccably well behaved, established schoolmaster type without quirks to be confident.

Beginner defined as someone who has been riding for less than a year, is sometimes unbalanced and unsure/ nervous. Needs a very forgiving, experienced schoolmaster.
Extra info re suitability - please tick as many as you think apply:
*

Would suit a child rider - under 14 yo

Would suit a junior rider - under 18 yo

Would suit a young rider - 18-24 yo

Would suit an amateur adult rider

Would suit a mature, older rider
This horse will require:

Further professional training.

A rider who is under regular professional instruction.

N/A
If the 'rider suitability' varies for any reason, depending on the circumstances, please explain this below:

What the horse is like under saddle, please tick those that best describe the horse:
*

forward and sharp

willing and responsive

puts in as much effort as required by the rider

not quite willing

lazy

stubborn

adapts to the competence/ confidence level of the rider i.e. beginner safe but steps up with a more experienced rider

reacts to unbalanced riders or mixed 'signals'

soft and 'light' in the bridle

willingly collects

takes time and skill to 'collect'/ inconsistent 'frame' and contact

can be heavy in the bridle

tolerant of rider mistakes

non-reactive and unflappable under saddle

non-reactive unless something major happens

generally very calm and reliable but not unflappable

can be looky in certain situations

spooky and reactive

reacts to rider nerves

has quirks - this will be covered in the next section

has vices - this will be covered in the next section

the horse/ pony is not under saddle
Optional question:
Additional information re. what the horse is like to ride -

Vices or quirks:

Please note, the QUESTION FOLLOWING this one gives you the opportunity to explain when and why this might happen - re feed, time of year, if the horse is in season etc.

Please remember that disclosing this information won't prevent the horse from being viewed or sold but it will fully inform potential buyers. 

This will minimize time wasting, make sure you are legally protected and help your horse find the best possible home. 
*

no vices or quirks

cold backed at the start of each ride - tense, tail swishy but DOESN'T buck, pigroot or kick out

cold backed - AFTER A SPELL ONLY - tense, tail swishy but DOESN'T buck, pigroot or kick out

can occasionally kick out under saddle i.e. during a canter transition

kicks out at other horses

crow hops

pigroots

bucks

looky - has a look and may stop or slowly move sideways away from something

spooks - jumps on the spot/ sideways or moves forward quickly

shy - stops and rapidly spins around away from something

jacks up - refuses to go forward and front feet leave the ground momentarily but horse does not stand on back legs

rear - front feet leave the ground and horse stands on back legs

horse shy

reacts to rider nerves

lazy

unwilling to go forward

needs 'grass reins'

snatches the reins/ evades contact

fussy in the contact

shakes head

heavy in the contact

difficult to turn or stop

difficult to stop

rushes

is hot

is tense

bolts

is 'marey'

calls out to other horses but still willingly gets on with the job

is 'matey' calls out and is reluctant to leave other horses

separation anxiety - has issues leaving other horses

'naps' - has issues leaving home or the paddock - not necessarily 'matey'

this happens regularly

this happens but not regularly
If applicable:
Please provide more information as to when the vice or quirk may occur and why this might happen - re feed related, related to rider nerves, time of year, if the horse is in season etc - 

Horses behaviour when in and out of work:
*

needs regular riding 4 plus times a week to be reliable and safe

does not need regular riding to be reliable and safe

is safe to hop straight on after a spell

needs lunging before riding each day

needs lunging before riding after a spell

N/A
Horses current level of fitness:
*

In work 5 plus times a week

In work ridden 3 plus times a week

In light work - ridden 1 or 2 times a week

Not in work

N/A
Is the horse currently competing?
*

yes

no
Horses competition history, please choose the only one option - the HIGHEST level that applies to this horse:

Please make sure that this information can be verified as it will be checked.
*

Competed and won/ placed at National level

Has qualified for National level shows, competed but didn't place

Has qualified for National level shows but didn't compete

Completed and won/ placed at State level

Competed at state level

Competed and won/ placed at shows/ competitions

Has been to shows/ competitions and competed

Competed at pony club or adult rider club level

Has been on outings to shows or clinics but hasn't competed

Has been on outings to lessons

Has been on outings to trail ride

Has only been ridden at home

Has only been ridden by professional when being broken in

N/A
Optional question:
 Additional information re competition history, significant placings and results. For example, height or level that the horse is training/ competing; if it requires further work on a specific area i.e. flying changes.

Optional question:
Horses specific 'gear' or tack needs, if none, choose ' no specific tack needed' - 
*

specific saddle

wide saddle

narrow saddle

panel saddle

saddle pad i.e. thinline pad with shims

'light; and happy being ridden in a snaffle bit

worked in a snaffle most of the time but requires a different bit for different events/ disciplines

specific bit i.e. pelham, kimblewick, universal, combination or gag

specific noseband or bridle

other specfic gear

this gear will be included in sale

no specific tack needed

N/A
Optional question:
Additional information regarding horses specific 'gear' or tack needs - 

What the horse is like to handle, please tick the statements that best describe the horse:

Please remember that disclosing this information won't prevent the horse from being viewed or sold but it will fully inform potential buyers. 

This will minimize time wasting, make sure you are legally protected and help your horse find the best possible home. 
*

unflappable and calm, safe and easy to manage

easy to catch

tricky to catch

well mannered on the ground

could be described as pushy or 'in your face' - in a friendly way

pushy

challenging to manage on the ground

cranky to handle

leads calmly and willingly

safe but needs a 'managing' when being led

lazy and or stubborn to handle

spooky or reactive to certain things i.e. washing or rugging

ties up happily and calmly without fuss or pulling back

has issues being tied up

self loads or loads into float/ truck very easily, stands quietly when travelling, unloads calmly

issues loading or travelling in float/ truck

has never been floated or trucked

easy and calm to clip

is not easy to clip and/ or requires sedation

unsure whether horse has been clipped or not

hasn't been clipped

needle phobic

horse shy

needs to be paddocked alone

kicks out when being handled

bites

girthy

easy to wash

doesn't love being washed

reliable for the farrier/ to handle when picking out feet

needs 'managing' for the farrier

has issues with the farrier

is good for the vet

has issues with vets

tolerant of handler mistakes

needs a capable handler due to size or age

needs an experienced handler for safety reasons

has separation anxiety

has other vices

has other quirks
Optional question:
Additional information regarding the circumstances above or if you ticked 'other', please list here - 

Feeding - please tick all that apply - the following question will allow you to provide more information:
*

horse lives on grass only

horse is fed hay only

horse is fed 'hard' feed

horse cannot be fed certain feeds for behavioural or health reasons - please explain below.

horse can only be fed certain feeds for behavioural or health reasons - please explain below.
Optional question:
Feeding - please provide additional information below; regarding your answers to the above question. Listing current feeds and weights/ when fed is very helpful.
*

Medical/ Management issues (current or past) and requirements:

If not applicable, write 'N/A'.

Please remember that disclosing this information won't prevent the horse from being viewed or sold but it will fully inform potential buyers. 

This will minimize time wasting, make sure you are legally protected and help your horse find the best possible home. 
*

metabolic issues (this is NOT just being a 'good doer' but an actual medical issue)

respiratory issues

circulatory issues

skin related issues - itch, melanoma etc (this is not a minor or temporary issue)

hoof related issues (this is NOT cracks or temporary/ minor issues)

ligament or tendon related issues

bone related issues

muscular issues

temperature related issues

small scars

large scars

we have current 'clean' xrays.

we have xrays.

xrays show some changes that don't affect performance.

xrays show some changes that do or could affect performance.

requires supplements to address behaviour.

given supplements as a 'preventative'.

requires supplements to address medical issues.

requires prescription medication to address medical issues

no medical issues, injuries, supplements or prescription medication.

issues do not affect performance

no current medical issues

no past or present medical issues

minor or temporary issues - described below
Optional question:
Additional information regarding use of supplements, prescription medication, vet report findings, xrays and issues. 

Minor or temporary issues can also be noted here.

Please feel free to qualify statements with information regarding dates, circumstances etc.

Please remember that disclosing this information won't prevent the horse from being viewed or sold but it will fully inform potential buyers. 

This will minimize time wasting, make sure you are legally protected and help your horse find the best possible home. 

If no response, this will be interpreted as not applying to this horse/ sale. 

Management:
*

can be kept in a herd situation

must be kept in a herd environment

must have a companion within sight

can be kept in a paddock on it's own

can be kept completely on their own/ no other horse on the property

can be stabled 12 hours a day/ paddocked for 12 hours a day

can be happily stabled 24 hours a day i.e. in a busy environment like CPEC

management is entirely flexible

may be stressed by a change of environment, management or rider and may take time to settle into it's new home

will be somewhat stressed by a change of environment, management or rider and will take time to settle into it's new home

other
Optional question - please provide additional information regarding management:

Date of last vaccinations:
*

Currently vaccinated for:
*

Tetanus

Strangles

Hendra

Equine Influenza
Date of last dental:
*

Optional question - please provide additional information regarding dental issues, if present:

Farrier
*

barefoot

shod

needs regular corrective shoeing i.e. packing

needs regular therapeutic shoeing i.e. egg bars, wedges
Optional question - If corrective or therapeutic shoeing is needed, please explain type, why and if it will be necessary long term:

Vet checks:
*

current xrays available (maximum 3 months old)

current vet check available (maximum 3 months old)

vet check includes flexion tests

past xrays available

past vet checks available

vet check can be done at potential buyers expense

horse is unlikely to pass a vet check
Optional question - If the horse is unlikely to pass a vet check or there is additional information needed, please provide this. This won't necessarily prevent a sale, please explain circumstances below. This will minimise time wasters and protect your legally. 

Reason for sale:
*

Please explain the type of home that you are looking for/ best suits your horse:
*

General Listing Terms
I am over 18 years old and have read, understand and agree to the terms below. 
I am ready, willing and able to sell the horse named and described in this form.
I guarantee that all information, provided in this form, is correct and that the horse - while in my care - is exactly as they have described it. 
I agree that a buyer must pay a deposit to hold the horse for second viewings and vet checks.
I agree to pay costs owed to PHS, in full, when they are due.
*

I agree.
I have READ and AGREED to the following terms and conditions full Listing Terms and Conditions, which include payment of commission/ completion fee, are available via this link: Listing Terms and Conditions PDF - https://www.performancehorsesales.com.au/phs-services/forms-terms-conditions
Digitally signed below:
*

I understand the service that I have selected and confirm that I want to list the horse with PHS.

To speed up the process, I will send photos and videos to 0428239317 via WhatsApp to confirm the listing - PHS will start drafting the ad and portfolio.

As above, however I would also like to discuss the horse being marketed. Please note, we do not discuss marketing strategy or listing price until the horse is listed with us.

I have further questions about the process prior to confirming listing.
Your Signature
*
Add your signature here
Signature


