Performance Horse Sales: 'Please help me find a horse' Form
Please contact us on 0428239317 if you do not receive a response within 12 hours.
Why use our Search Service?
We have extensive contacts with both professionals and individuals with horses to sell, many 'off market'!
Once we receive your criteria, we will source and compile an evolving database of horses that meet your needs. Each time a horse is added, we will let you know or you can set the document to notify you of updates.
The information you will receive is very well organised and, on a premium search, very comprehensive. This allows you to accurately assess and make good decisions about whether to proceed with a phone call or viewing.
Often horses are purchased by our clients in a week or two - after they have spent months to years of fruitless searching.
We are independent and impartial in helping to connect buyers and sellers. PHS does not act in the role of 'agent'. We do not act on, or make decisions on your behalf and we do not handle money - deposit/ purchase price is sent directly from buyer to seller.
Our aim is that the buying process:
- is stress free
- prevents your time being wasted
- facilitates full disclosure on the part of buyers and sellers which means everyone is legally protected
-  and everyone is happy with the outcome...
- you buy the right horse
- the horse is in the right, long term home

We can find hidden gems but no horse is perfect and remember - you can have sound, educated, sane and cheap but you can't have all four, in one horse! 

* Prices are PLUS GST
company logo
* Indicates required question
Email
*

First name:
*

Surname:
*

Suburb/ town and state:
*

Phone number:
*

Email (optional):

Selection of Search Service Option:
LEVEL 1: STANDARD SEARCH: This service is perfect if you are struggling to find horses for sale but you are confident about, and have the time to manage, the assessment and buying process.
Cost: $500 upfront PLUS $500 Completion Fee
This 'standard service' includes:
Advice
Working with the client to create a 'search criteria'.
Marketing:
Creation of search 'ads' that will attract the 'ideal' horse
Placement of ads online and on social media
Sharing of ads via our professional and private contacts - to find those 'off market' horses that are are never publicly advertised
Administration
Creation of search database of potential horse’s information, videos and any files - shared with search client
Up to 30 potential horses will sent to the client
Once sent, you have 24 hours breathing space to book a viewing before anyone else
This service is perfect if you don't have the time or skills
 to find and successfully secure the horse of your dreams!
LEVEL 2 - PREMIUMUM SEARCH: This service is perfect if you don't have the time or skills to find and successfully secure the horse of your dreams!
Cost: $1000 upfront PLUS 5% completion fee - based on search budget or purchase price - whichever is higher (minimum $1000, capped at $2000)
Includes 'standard service' inclusions PLUS the following:
Communication
Managing ALL initial enquiries
Negotiation of price if required
Booking of viewings and help getting priority to view!
Communicating after the pre-purchase exam and providing advice and negotiating, if needed
Advice
Advice regarding potential horse and sale price
Comprehensive research regarding up to ten shortlisted horses.
Guiding both buyer through the process and steps towards the sale
Providing contacts for vets and helping schedules the pre-purchase exam 
Providing contacts and quotes for transport
Documentation:
After a sale has concluded, we will draft a bill of sale and the transfer of ownership paperwork, signed by both the buyer and seller. This will include the horse's description and the terms under which is was sold. 
*Please note that 'Industry standard' search commission is 10% - $5000 on a  $50,000 sale/ $15k on a $150k search and that just covers 'finding' the horse and having the ad sent through!
*

'Horse Finder' Search Service - $500 upfront PLUS $500 completion fee

Premium 'Concierge' Search Service - $1000 upfront PLUS 5% completion fee - minimum $1000, capped at $2000
Main reason why you would like some help finding a horse:
*

Search factors - please tick all that apply:
*

I have encountered issues when viewing or purchasing a horse.

I have had issues with newly purchased horses.

I am time poor regarding attending viewings.

I have a very fixed criteria and set views on what I want to purchase.

I am unsure of what I want to purchase.

I am flexible and would love some guidance.

I have been looking for a horse for a long time.

I have just started looking for a horse.

I will run everything past my coach before making a decision.

I am confident of making my own decision regarding the purchase.

I have had issues with horses that impact my ability to confidently view a horse (this is fine and we can work with you on this),

I have medical issues that may impact my ability to view or ride a horse (this is fine and we can work with you on this),

I am very fussy and most horses just don't strike my fancy.
Preferred location of search - please think about the cost, time and logistics of this range and whether it is really feasible:
*

Worldwide

Australia Wide

Surrounding states

State wide
Budget (not including search fees, vetting and transport costs):
*

Preferred horse age range:
*

Under 7

7 and under 16

under 18

Flexible
Preferred horse height:
 
Please note that potential horses will be sent within half a hand, or 5cm either side, of criteria selected.

Most horses are not measured but their heights are estimated by eye. The 'barrel' or build of the horse, is usually more indicative of whether a horse is an appropriate size for the rider, than a guesstimated 'height' on an ad. 

If you wish to have a broader criteria, please select two options. 

A narrower criteria is not available unless a Premium Search is selected and paid for.
*

Under 12hh

12-14.2hh

14.2-16hh

over 16hh
Please list a maximum of three (3) characteristics that you really like in a horse:
*

Please list a maximum of three (3) deal breakers that you will not tolerate:
*

Riders MAIN discipline or focus for the horse:
*

Eventing/ Combined Training

Showjumping

Dressage

Showing

Interschool competition

Pony Club all rounder

Adult Rider Club all rounder

Lower level all rounder

Working Equitation

Campdrafting

Reining

Western Pleasure

Team Penning

Mustering/ Feed Lot work

Trail riding/ pleasure

Companion/ Therapy

Breeding

We
Which statement best describes the horse you are looking for:
*

Exceptional top level competition horse (with budget to match)

Competitive performance horse

Schoolmaster

'Second/ Third' horse or pony

'First' horse or pony

Prospect that I can educate further.

Mature horse with a basic education

Green broken

Unbroken
Riders GOALS for this horse, performance wise:

Please choose the highest goal.
*

National level competitions

State level competitions

Local competitions

Club days

Clinics

Lessons

I do not wish to compete this horse
Horse must be training or competing at the following level:

i.e. novice level dressage, EVA95 eventing and 100cm showjumping
*

Riders future GOALS for this horse, performance wise:
*

Rider Competence Level:
*

Experienced rider defined as someone who has a lifetime of experience producing and competing both young and educated horses. Unfazed by any nonsense and has the ability and experience to ride green horses.

Capable rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least five years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on multiple horses both young and educated. Is confident in all situations. Can handle some quirks in horses.

Intermediate rider defined as someone who has been riding / competing regularly for at least three years, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter on their own horse. Rider is confident if the horse is reasonably well behaved. Prefers a schoolmaster type without any major quirks.

Novice rider defined as someone who has been riding regularly (multiple times a week) for at least a year, has independent hands and balanced position/ seat; can walk, trot and canter. Needs an impeccably well behaved, established schoolmaster type without quirks to be confident.

Beginner defined as someone who has been riding for less than a year, is sometimes unbalanced and unsure/ nervous. Needs a very forgiving, experienced schoolmaster.
When I am riding, I feel:
*

confident

somewhat nervous

nervous

my knees are shaking and I am terrified (don't worry, we can find a horse that doesn't notice!)

how I feel, depends on how I feel about the horse
Rider History - significant milestones, competitions, current comfort zone, issues, goals to compete at x level etc.
*

Rider age or age bracket (if you don't think this is relevant to the search, write adult or child):
*

Please choose statements that describe the horse you are looking for:
*

has excellent results

has competed

has had outings

has no medical issues, injuries or management needs

management needs are ok as long as they don't affect performance

no quirks

no vices

quirks and vices are ok as long as manageable by rider

sharp and reactive to the aides

willing and responsive to the aides

more 'woah than go'.

generally calm and non reactive but I realise that horses are living beings and things can happen.

familiar with Agricultural Show atmosphere - fireworks and sideshows

familiar with farm life.

comfortable with the nonsense and noise of child riders or family members.

there aren't any 'not negotiable' with this search (if you tick this - you will be our favourite client!)

completely bombproof - this may not be possible to find depending on other criteria
Horse management notes:

Please be honest, as these factors will help the seller assess whether the horse is suitable for you.
*

Horse will be kept at home with owners.

Horse will be on full care agistment.

Horse will be at DIY agistment.

Horse will be paddocked alone.

Horse will be paddocked in a herd situation.

Horse will be paddocked alone but have horses over the fence or in sight.

Horse will be stabled at night and paddocked during the day.

Horse will be stabled 24 hours a day.

Horse will be in an 'itch' area.

I have a small straight load float.

I have a large straight load float.

I have an angle float or truck.

This is a 'first horse' purchase.

This is a 'first horse' purchase but buyers have lots of expert support.

Vets are available locally.

Vets are not available locally.

I have owned horses with metabolic disorders or who are considered to be 'overweight'.

I have experience riding and training challenging or hot horses.

I have experience feeding and retraining Off the Track thoroughbreds.

I have experience educating young horses.

I have experience managing horses with medical needs.
I would like to restrict the search by the following, please note that these may restrict our ability to take on the search or may incur a surcharge:
*

one gender - i.e. only geldings

by breed - i.e. no thoroughbreds

colour or markings

location - within 5 hours drive

height i.e. 12-13hh - less than two hands height range and not open to other options

budget i.e. it is less than the advertised market price for horses that match the search criteria

completely unflappable in every situation and vice/ quirk free

not entirely compatible criteria - i.e. schoolmaster under 10 years old

less than 1000k search area
Any other information that may be useful/ significant to the search:
*

General Search Terms
- I am over 18 years old and have read, understand and agree to the terms below. 
- I am ready, willing and able to view and purchase - horses are added as fast or slow as they are found.
- I guarantee that all information, provided in my search form and criteria, is correct and that the search is exactly as they have described it. 
- I understand that no horse will fit every single, exact criteria of my search, the 30 horses added to the database will be horses that PHS believes are potentially 'fit for purpose' based on the initial information in their ads.
- I understand that the search process is designed to help me work out what I need/ want, what is available on the current market at my budget and to help me find the horse. The search isn't about sending 30 horses that are all the same or that perfectly fit the criteria. 
- I agree to pay a deposit to hold the horse for second viewings and vet checks.
- I agree to pay costs, in full, when they are due.
*

I agree.
I have READ and AGREED to the following terms and conditions full Search Terms and Conditions which are available publicly on our website.
Digitally signed below:
*

I am ready to sign the Costs Agreement, pay the invoice and to start the search.

I would like to discuss the process further, before proceeding. Please note, we do not discuss the market or our strategy, prior to the client paying the invoice and the search.
Your Signature
*
Add your signature here
Signature


Clear
Submit
This content is neither created nor endorsed by Boloforms
Security
•
Terms of Service
•
Privacy Policy
Report as Spam
